# Tilli Node.js Developer Challenge

Thank you for your interest in Tilli! The following coding challenge should take no longer than 2-3 hours. Please feel free to reach out for any clarification on the requirements presented below. If you find you're taking longer than the stated 2-3 hours, you're most likely overcomplicating one of the requirements!

## Getting started

Fork this repository and use that to build your challenge! Make sure to **read the instructions** in [the `challenge-template` folder README](../challenge-template/README.md) before forking. When you've finished and all of your work is pushed, let us know so we can review. Below are some requirements for building the application.

## Terminology

| Term               | Description               | AKA | Example |
| :----------------- | :------------------------ | --- | ------- |
| Stock symbol       | A unique series of letters assigned to a stock for trading purposes (e.g. AAPL for Apple Inc.) | Stock ticker, Ticker symbol | AAPL (Apple Inc.) |

## The challenge

Your task is to create a Node.js interactive command-line application that will show summary statistics for requested stock symbols using the [Alpha Vantage](https://www.alphavantage.co/documentation/) API. The application should be able to handle the below requirements for any amount of stock symbols.

### Features

The output below is for the generated help output (`-h` or `--help` flag) for the application. Listed are flags (in the `OPTIONS` section) that correspond with features, how they should work, and how those feature flags should be invoked. There are also sections that are incomplete, namely the `FILES` section. Please fill this out 


```bash
NAME
  tilli-av - alphavantage CLI wrapper

SYNOPSIS
  tilli-av

FILES
```

### Ticker summary stats


### State management

- A flag should be able to be passed to the CLI app to "save" 

## Evaluation criteria

## Some additional notes
